README.md, before:

## Description
A Ruby wrapper for OpenSLP using FFI.

## Installation
`gem install rslp`

## Adding the trusted cert
`gem cert --add <(curl -Ls https://raw.githubusercontent.com/djberg96/rslp/main/certs/djberg96_pub.pem)`

## Synopsis
```ruby
require 'rslp'

# See docs for more methods
OpenSLP::SLP.new do |slp|
  p slp.find_services('myservice:myorg')
  p slp.find_scopes
  p slp.find_service_types
end
```

## Known Bugs
None that I'm aware of. Please report bugs on the project page at:

https://github.com/djberg96/rslp

## Future Plans
None at this time.

## Maintenance
Please contact me about taking over maintenance of this library if you are
interested. I'm not actually using it myself, so maintenance and releases
will be sporadic at best.

Why then? I originally wrote most of this when I thought we might need it
for a project at work. That never materialized, but I hated to let it go to
waste, so I've published what I completed and may occasionally tinker with
it from time to time.

## License
Apache-2.0

## Copyright
(C) 2003-2022 Daniel J. Berger, All Rights Reserved

## Warranty
This package is provided "as is" and without any express or
implied warranties, including, without limitation, the implied
warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.

## Author
Daniel J. Berger

Commit message:

Add instructions for creating a local openslp server.

README.md, after:

## Description
A Ruby wrapper for OpenSLP using FFI.

## Installation
`gem install rslp`

## Adding the trusted cert
`gem cert --add <(curl -Ls https://raw.githubusercontent.com/djberg96/rslp/main/certs/djberg96_pub.pem)`

## Synopsis
```ruby
require 'rslp'

# See docs for more methods
OpenSLP::SLP.new do |slp|
  p slp.find_services('myservice:myorg')
  p slp.find_scopes
  p slp.find_service_types
end
```

## Known Bugs
None that I'm aware of. Please report bugs on the project page at:

https://github.com/djberg96/rslp

## Running the Specs
You will need an OpenSLP server running on localhost to run all of the specs.
The easiest way to do that is to install docker and run:

  `docker run -d -p 427:427/tcp -p 427:427/udp vcrhonek/openslp`

Once you're done just terminate the container.

## Future Plans
None at this time.

## Maintenance
Please contact me about taking over maintenance of this library if you are
interested. I'm not actually using it myself, so maintenance and releases
will be sporadic at best.

Why then? I originally wrote most of this when I thought we might need it
for a project at work. That never materialized, but I hated to let it go to
waste, so I've published what I completed and may occasionally tinker with
it from time to time.

## License
Apache-2.0

## Copyright
(C) 2003-2022 Daniel J. Berger, All Rights Reserved

## Warranty
This package is provided "as is" and without any express or
implied warranties, including, without limitation, the implied
warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.

## Author
Daniel J. Berger
